README.md, before:

# 5512-A4
## Author and Publising date

*Author*: LIXIN ZHANG

*Date of Release*: 22/06/2025

## Data Information

*Data Description*:
This report analyzes and uses the statistics on COVID-19 released by WHO, mainly including the weekly new cases and deaths, cumulative cases and deaths.

*Licenses*: 
The World Health Organization (“WHO”) encourages public access and use of the data that it collects and publishes on its web site data.who.int. The data are organized in datasets and made available in machine-readable format (“Datasets”). The Datasets have been compiled from data provided by WHO’s Member States under the WHO policy on the use and sharing of data collected by WHO in Member States outside the context of public health emergencies.

Use of the data derived from the Datasets, which may appear in formats such as tables and charts, is also subject to these Terms and Conditions. Datasets may include data describing the Dataset called “Metadata”. If any datasets are credited to a source other than WHO, then those materials are not covered by these Terms and Conditions, and permission should be sought from the source provided. You are responsible for determining if this is the case, and if so, you are responsible for obtaining any necessary permission from the sources indicated. The risk of claims resulting from infringement of any third-party-owned component in the materials rests solely with you.

You may use our application programming interfaces (“APIs”) to facilitate access to the Datasets, whether through a separate web site or through another type of software application. By using the Datasets or any presentations of data derived from them, or by using our APIs in connection with the Datasets, you agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions, as may be amended from time to time by WHO at its sole discretion.

Unless specifically indicated otherwise, these Datasets are provided to you under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License (CC BY 4.0), with the additional terms below. The basic terms applicable to the CC BY 4.0 license may be accessed here. By downloading or using the Datasets, you agree to comply with the terms of the CC BY 4.0 license, as well as the following mandatory and binding addition:

Any dispute relating to the interpretation or application of this license shall, unless amicably settled, be subject to conciliation. In the event of failure of the latter, the dispute shall be settled by arbitration. The arbitration shall be conducted in accordance with the modalities to be agreed upon by the parties or, in the absence of agreement, with the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules. The parties shall accept the arbitral award as final.


## File structure of this dataset

5512-A4
├── assignment4_template_ADDYOURNAMEHERE.html                  
├── assignment4_template_ADDYOURNAMEHERE.rmd                   
├── data
    ├──  processed_data.csv     
    ├──  data-dictionary.xlsx
├── assignment4_template_ADDYOURNAMEHERE_files
    ├── libs
├── README.md                 -> this file
└── 5512-A4.Rproj

## Usage of data

The data created and adapted in this report can be freely used under CC BY 4.0 DEED Attribution 4.0 International as long as none of the source Licenses are infringed.

Commit message:

add Data Dictionary and edit the content

README.md, after:

# 5512-A4
## Author and Publising date

*Author*: LIXIN ZHANG

*Date of Release*: 22/06/2025

## Data Information

*Data Description:*
This report analyzes and uses the statistics on COVID-19 released by WHO and Our Word in data, mainly including the weekly new cases and deaths, cumulative cases and deaths, and the data about people who completed the initial COVID-19 vaccination protocol.

*Licenses:*
The World Health Organization (“WHO”) encourages public access and use of the data that it collects and publishes on its web site data.who.int. The data are organized in datasets and made available in machine-readable format (“Datasets”). The Datasets have been compiled from data provided by WHO’s Member States under the WHO policy on the use and sharing of data collected by WHO in Member States outside the context of public health emergencies.

Use of the data derived from the Datasets, which may appear in formats such as tables and charts, is also subject to these Terms and Conditions. Datasets may include data describing the Dataset called “Metadata”. If any datasets are credited to a source other than WHO, then those materials are not covered by these Terms and Conditions, and permission should be sought from the source provided. You are responsible for determining if this is the case, and if so, you are responsible for obtaining any necessary permission from the sources indicated. The risk of claims resulting from infringement of any third-party-owned component in the materials rests solely with you.

You may use our application programming interfaces (“APIs”) to facilitate access to the Datasets, whether through a separate web site or through another type of software application. By using the Datasets or any presentations of data derived from them, or by using our APIs in connection with the Datasets, you agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions, as may be amended from time to time by WHO at its sole discretion.

Unless specifically indicated otherwise, these Datasets are provided to you under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License (CC BY 4.0), with the additional terms below. The basic terms applicable to the CC BY 4.0 license may be accessed here. By downloading or using the Datasets, you agree to comply with the terms of the CC BY 4.0 license, as well as the following mandatory and binding addition:

Any dispute relating to the interpretation or application of this license shall, unless amicably settled, be subject to conciliation. In the event of failure of the latter, the dispute shall be settled by arbitration. The arbitration shall be conducted in accordance with the modalities to be agreed upon by the parties or, in the absence of agreement, with the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules. The parties shall accept the arbitral award as final.

## File structure of this dataset

5512-A4
├── assignment4_template_ADDYOURNAMEHERE.html                  
├── assignment4_template_ADDYOURNAMEHERE.rmd                   
├── data
    ├──  processed_data.csv     
├── assignment4_template_ADDYOURNAMEHERE_files
    ├── libs
├── README.md                 -> this file
└── 5512-A4.Rproj

## Usage of data

The data created and adapted in this report can be freely used under CC BY 4.0 DEED Attribution 4.0 International as long as none of the source Licenses are infringed.
